feat(upload): Point upload command at new endpoint (#2772)
sqlc-dev/sqlc: docs/howto/upload.md

## Dry run

You can see what's included when uploading your project by using using the
`--dry-run` flag:

```shell
sqlc upload --dry-run
```

> The output will be request sent by `sqlc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output is the request `sqlc` would have sent without the `--dry-run` flag.
```
